Changelog v1.14 (#81)
meilisearch/engine-team: meilisearch-release-changelog/v1.14.0.md

        }
    }
}
```
3. Send documents to the index. They will be indexed remotely using the Hugging Face inference endpoint.
4. Perform semantic search queries, they will be embedded using the local model fetched from the Hugging Face Hub.

For more details about this feature, please refer to its [public usage page](https://www.notion.so/meilisearch/Composite-embedder-usage-14a4b06b651f81859dc3df21e8cd02a0?pvs=4#19f4b06b651f809ab3ecc0daae7d5856)
<TBD: Find a better title>

Done by @dureuill in [#5371](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5371).

## Other improvements

* Get multiple documents by ids by @dureuill in [#5384](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5384)
* Support merging update and replacement operations by @Kerollmops in [#5293](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5293)
* Display the internal indexing steps with timings on the `/batches` route by @Kerollmops in [#5356](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5356)
* exhaustive facet search by @ManyTheFish in [#5369](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5369)
* Reduce RAM consumption of arroy by @irevoire in https://github.com/meilisearch/arroy/pull/105

> * Cache Embeddings in Search with an experimental feature by @dureuill in [#5418](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5418)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cache Embeddings in Search with an experimental feature by @dureuill in [#5418](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5418)
* Extend the batch progress view to indexing of vectors by @irevoire in [5420](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5420)

```

Meilisearch v1.14 exposes a more granular way to express your filterable attributes! 🎉 This release also improves the performances of semantic search, the indexing speed of embeddings and a new route to get multiple documents by IDs.

<!-- The following lines should NOT be put in the PRE-release changelogs -->
🧰 All official Meilisearch integrations (including SDKs, clients, and other tools) are compatible with this Meilisearch release. Integration deployment happens between 4 to 48 hours after a new version becomes available.

<!-- The following lines should NOT be put in the PRE-release changelogs -->
Some SDKs might not include all new features. Consult the project repository for detailed information. Is a feature you need missing from your chosen SDK? Create an issue letting us know you need it, or, for open-source karma points, open a PR implementing it (we'll love you for that ❤️).

# New features and updates 🔥

## Granular Filterable Attribute Settings

> <TBD: Detailed usage of the feature>
> <TBD: Find a better title>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

This feature allows for the choice of the filter features of each filterable attribute with high granularity.
Activating or deactivating a feature will have an impact on the indexing time.
To use the feature, use the new `filterableAttributes` format in the settings route (`PATCH /indexes/INDEX_UID/settings`):

```json
{
	"filterableAttributes": [
	  {
	    "attributePatterns": ["genre", "artist"], 
	    "features": { "facetSearch": true, "filter": {"equality": true, "comparison": false } }
	  },
	  {
	    "attributePatterns": ["rank"],
	    "features": { "facetSearch": false, "filter": {"equality": true, "comparison": true } }
	  },
	  {
	    "attributePatterns": ["albumId"],
	    "features": { "facetSearch": false, "filter": {"equality": true, "comparison": false } }
	  },
	]
}
```json

> 🗒️  In this example, we activate/deactivate each feature depending on the usage of each filterable attribute, the `genre` and `artist` are expected to be strings so the facet search and the equality operators (`=`/`!=`) are activated, but, the comparison operators are deactivated (`>=`, `<=`, ...) because it's not useful and will save time during the indexing process.
> However, the rank is expected to be a number, so the facet search is deactivated in favor of the the comparison operators.
> Last, the albumId is expected to be unique, so only the equality operators (`=`/`!=`) are activated.
For more details about this feature, please refer to its [public usage page](https://meilisearch.notion.site/API-usage-Settings-to-opt-out-indexing-features-filterableAttributes-1764b06b651f80aba8bdf359b2df3ca8)

```

            },
            "indexingEmbedder": {
                "source": "rest", // remotely computed embeddings using Hugging Face inference endpoints
                "url": "https://URL.endpoints.huggingface.cloud",
                "apiKey": "hf_XXXXXXX",
                "documentTemplate": "Your {{doc.template}}",
                "request": {
                    "inputs": [
                        "{{text}}",
                        "{{..}}"
                    ]
                },
                "response": [
                    "{{embedding}}",
                    "{{..}}"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```
3. Send documents to the index. They will be indexed remotely using the Hugging Face inference endpoint.
4. Perform semantic search queries, they will be embedded using the local model fetched from the Hugging Face Hub.

For more details about this feature, please refer to its [public usage page](https://www.notion.so/meilisearch/Composite-embedder-usage-14a4b06b651f81859dc3df21e8cd02a0?pvs=4#19f4b06b651f809ab3ecc0daae7d5856)
<TBD: Find a better title>

Done by @dureuill in [#5371](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5371).

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

## Granular Filterable Attributes

This feature allows for the choice of the filter features of each filterable attribute with high granularity.
Activating or deactivating a feature will have an impact on the indexing time.

To use the feature, use the new `filterableAttributes` format in the settings route (`PATCH /indexes/INDEX_UID/settings`):

```json
{
	"filterableAttributes": [
	  {
	    "attributePatterns": ["genre", "artist"], 
	    "features": { "facetSearch": true, "filter": {"equality": true, "comparison": false } }
	  },
	  {
	    "attributePatterns": ["rank"],
	    "features": { "facetSearch": false, "filter": {"equality": true, "comparison": true } }
	  },
	  {
	    "attributePatterns": ["albumId"],
	    "features": { "facetSearch": false, "filter": {"equality": true, "comparison": false } }
	  },
	]
}
```json

> 🗒️  In this example, we activate/deactivate each feature depending on the usage of each filterable attribute, the `genre` and `artist` are expected to be strings so the facet search and the equality operators (`=`/`!=`) are activated, but, the comparison operators are deactivated (`>=`, `<=`, ...) because it's not useful and will save time during the indexing process.
> However, the rank is expected to be a number, so the facet search is deactivated in favor of the the comparison operators.
> Last, the albumId is expected to be unique, so only the equality operators (`=`/`!=`) are activated.
```

For more details about this feature, please refer to its [public usage page](https://meilisearch.notion.site/API-usage-Settings-to-opt-out-indexing-features-filterableAttributes-1764b06b651f80aba8bdf359b2df3ca8)

Done by @ManyTheFish in [#5254](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5254)

Some SDKs might not include all new features. Consult the project repository for detailed information. Is a feature you need missing from your chosen SDK? Create an issue letting us know you need it, or, for open-source karma points, open a PR implementing it (we'll love you for that ❤️).

# New features and updates 🔥

## Granular Filterable Attribute Settings

This feature allows for the choice of the filter features of each filterable attribute with high granularity.
Activating or deactivating a feature will have an impact on the indexing time.
To use the feature, use the new `filterableAttributes` format in the settings route (`PATCH /indexes/INDEX_UID/settings`):

```json
{
	"filterableAttributes": [
	  {
	    "attributePatterns": ["genre", "artist"], 
	    "features": { "facetSearch": true, "filter": {"equality": true, "comparison": false } }
	  },
	  {
	    "attributePatterns": ["rank"],
	    "features": { "facetSearch": false, "filter": {"equality": true, "comparison": true } }
	  },
	  {
	    "attributePatterns": ["albumId"],
	    "features": { "facetSearch": false, "filter": {"equality": true, "comparison": false } }
	  },
	]
}

> ```json

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```
````

> 🗒️  In this example, we activate/deactivate each feature depending on the usage of each filterable attribute, the `genre` and `artist` are expected to be strings so the facet search and the equality operators (`=`/`!=`) are activated, but, the comparison operators are deactivated (`>=`, `<=`, ...) because it's not useful and will save time during the indexing process.
> However, the rank is expected to be a number, so the facet search is deactivated in favor of the the comparison operators.
> Last, the albumId is expected to be unique, so only the equality operators (`=`/`!=`) are activated.

> For more details about this feature, please refer to its [public usage page](https://meilisearch.notion.site/API-usage-Settings-to-opt-out-indexing-features-filterableAttributes-1764b06b651f80aba8bdf359b2df3ca8)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

For more details about this feature, please refer to its [public usage page](https://meilisearch.notion.site/API-usage-Settings-to-opt-out-indexing-features-filterableAttributes-1764b06b651f80aba8bdf359b2df3ca8)
```

Meilisearch v1.14 exposes a more granular way to express your filterable attributes! 🎉 This release also improves the performances of semantic search, the indexing speed of embeddings and a new route to get multiple documents by IDs.

<!-- The following lines should NOT be put in the PRE-release changelogs -->
🧰 All official Meilisearch integrations (including SDKs, clients, and other tools) are compatible with this Meilisearch release. Integration deployment happens between 4 to 48 hours after a new version becomes available.

<!-- The following lines should NOT be put in the PRE-release changelogs -->
Some SDKs might not include all new features. Consult the project repository for detailed information. Is a feature you need missing from your chosen SDK? Create an issue letting us know you need it, or, for open-source karma points, open a PR implementing it (we'll love you for that ❤️).

# New features and updates 🔥

## Granular Filterable Attribute Settings

This feature allows for the choice of the filter features of each filterable attribute with high granularity.

> Activating or deactivating a feature will have an impact on the indexing time.

Reviewer 3: Can we make it more positive? looks like the feature will make the indexing time longer

                "revision": "a5beb1e3e68b9ab74eb54cfd186867f64f240e1a"
            },
            "indexingEmbedder": {
                "source": "rest", // remotely computed embeddings using Hugging Face inference endpoints
                "url": "https://URL.endpoints.huggingface.cloud",
                "apiKey": "hf_XXXXXXX",
                "documentTemplate": "Your {{doc.template}}",
                "request": {
                    "inputs": [
                        "{{text}}",
                        "{{..}}"
                    ]
                },
                "response": [
                    "{{embedding}}",
                    "{{..}}"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```
3. Send documents to the index. They will be indexed remotely using the Hugging Face inference endpoint.
4. Perform semantic search queries, they will be embedded using the local model fetched from the Hugging Face Hub.

For more details about this feature, please refer to its [public usage page](https://www.notion.so/meilisearch/Composite-embedder-usage-14a4b06b651f81859dc3df21e8cd02a0?pvs=4#19f4b06b651f809ab3ecc0daae7d5856)
<TBD: Find a better title>

> Done by @dureuill in [#5371](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5371).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Done by @dureuill in [#5371](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5371) and [#5401](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5401)
```

## Other improvements

> * Get multiple documents by ids by @dureuill in [#5384](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5384)

Reviewer 3: Maybe a short dedicated section for this? It was requested by a lot of users, and you mentioned it in the introduction

> * Support merging update and replacement operations by @Kerollmops in [#5293](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5293)

Reviewer 3: It's not obvious what this PR is doing. Does it impact indexing speed?

> * Display the internal indexing steps with timings on the `/batches` route by @Kerollmops in [#5356](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5356)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Display the internal indexing steps with timings on the `/batches` route by @Kerollmops in [#5356](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5356) and [#5364](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5364)
```

> * exhaustive facet search by @ManyTheFish in [#5369](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5369)

Reviewer 3: What does it mean? what has been added?

* Reduce RAM consumption of arroy by @irevoire in https://github.com/meilisearch/arroy/pull/105

> * Cache Embeddings in Search with an experimental feature by @dureuill in [#5418](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5418)

Reviewer 3: Also, where is the issue assoicated with the PR to ping docs team?

> * Extend the batch progress view to the indexing of vectors by @irevoire in [5420](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5420)

Reviewer 3: Can you confirm there is no change in the API? I don't find anything in the PR and issue but the title made me doubt

Reviewer 4: The contents of the `currentStep` field in batches is explicitly not stable and should be rendered as an object but as a `string`: https://www.notion.so/meilisearch/Enhance-visibility-on-batched-tasks-1194b06b651f810b8fe0fab5d72846a8?pvs=4#15a4b06b651f80e68c69efdf5ae8e043.

So this doesn't modify the API

# Fixes 🐞

* Support fetching the pooling method from the model configuration by @dureuill in [#5355](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5355)
* Make sure to delete useless prefixes by @Kerollmops in [#5413](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5413)

# Misc

* Dependencies updates
  * Bump Ubuntu in the CI from 20.04 to 22.04 by @Kerollmops in [#5338](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5338)
  * Bump heed to v0.22 by @irevoire and @Kerollmops in [#5406](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5406)
* CIs and tests
  * Improve test performance of get_index.rs  by @DerTimonius in [#5210](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5210)
  * Ollama Integration Tests by @Kerollmops in [#5308](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5308)
  * Ensure the settings routes are now configurated when a new field is added to the Settings struct  by @MichaScant in [#5149](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5149)
  * Skip a snapshot test on Windows by @Kerollmops in [#5383](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5383)
* Misc

>   * Rename `callTrace` into `progressTrace` by @Kerollmops in [#5364](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5364)
>   * Make composite embedders an experimental feature by @dureuill in [#5401](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5401)

Reviewer 4: I don't think these need their own entries, as they were done for v1.14. I'd add `#5364` (resp. `#5401`) to `#5356` (resp. `#5371`)

```suggestion
```

Author: Yes, you're absolutely right!

❤️ Thanks again to our external contributors:
- [Meilisearch](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch): @MichaScant
- [Heed](https://github.com/meilisearch/heed): @oXtxNt9U

> - [Arroy](https://github.com/meilisearch/arroy): @ptondereau

Reviewer 3: Niiiiice ❤️

```json
{
	"filterableAttributes": [
	  {
	    "attributePatterns": ["genre", "artist"],
	    "features": { "facetSearch": true, "filter": { "equality": true, "comparison": false } }
	  },
	  {
	    "attributePatterns": ["rank"],
	    "features": { "facetSearch": false, "filter": { "equality": true, "comparison": true } }
	  },
	  {
	    "attributePatterns": ["albumId"],
	    "features": { "facetSearch": false, "filter": { "equality": true, "comparison": false } }
	  }
	]
}
```

> 🗒️  In this example, we activate/deactivate each feature depending on the usage of each filterable attribute, the `genre` and `artist` are expected to be strings so the facet search and the equality operators (`=`/`!=`) are activated, but, the comparison operators are deactivated (`>=`, `<=`, ...) because it's not useful and will save time during the indexing process.
> However, the rank is expected to be a number, so the facet search is deactivated in favor of the the comparison operators.
> Last, the albumId is expected to be unique, so only the equality operators (`=`/`!=`) are activated.

> For more details about this feature, please refer to its [public usage page](https://meilisearch.notion.site/API-usage-Settings-to-opt-out-indexing-features-filterableAttributes-1764b06b651f80aba8bdf359b2df3ca8)

Author: ```suggestion
For more details about this feature, please refer to [the dedicated documentation page](https://www.meilisearch.com/docs/reference/api/settings#filterable-attribute-object).
```

      "info": 22222
    }
  ],
  "offset": 0,
  "limit": 20,
  "total": 4
}
```

Done by @dureuill in [#5384](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5384).

## Other improvements

* Batch PUT and POST documents when indexing them by @Kerollmops in [#5293](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5293)
* Display the internal indexing steps with timings on the `/batches` route by @Kerollmops in [#5356](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5356) and [#5364](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5364)
* Introduce a new parameter to get an exhaustive count when performing facet search by @ManyTheFish in [#5369](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5369)
* Reduce RAM consumption of arroy by @irevoire in https://github.com/meilisearch/arroy/pull/105
* Cache Embeddings in Search with an experimental feature (Read more in the dedicated [discussion](https://github.com/orgs/meilisearch/discussions/818)) by @dureuill in [#5418](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5418)
* Extend the batch progress view to the indexing of vectors by @irevoire in [#5420](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5420)

# Fixes 🐞

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

* Geo update bug by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5407
* Isolate word fst usage by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5415
* Fix CI to work with merge queues by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5456
```

* Support fetching the pooling method from the model configuration by @dureuill in [#5355](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5355)

> * Make sure to delete useless prefixes by @Kerollmops in [#5413](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5413)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* Delete unused prefixes by @Kerollmops in [#5413](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5413)
```

# Misc

* Dependencies updates
  * Bump Ubuntu in the CI from 20.04 to 22.04 by @Kerollmops in [#5338](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5338)

>   * Bump heed to v0.22 by @irevoire and @Kerollmops in [#5406](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5406)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Bump heed to v0.22 by @irevoire and @Kerollmops in [#5406](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5406)
  * Bump ring to v0.17.14 to compile on old aarch64 by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5423
  * Bump zip from 2.2.2 to 2.3.0 by @dependabot in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5426
  * Update Charabia v0.9.3 by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5454
  * Update mini-dashboard to v0.2.19 version by @curquiza in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5436
```

* CIs and tests
  * Improve test performance of get_index.rs  by @DerTimonius in [#5210](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5210)
  * Ollama Integration Tests by @Kerollmops in [#5308](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5308)

>   * Ensure the settings routes are now configurated when a new field is added to the Settings struct  by @MichaScant in [#5149](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5149)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
  * Ensure the settings routes are properly configured when a new field is added to the Settings struct by @MichaScant in [#5149](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5149)
```

  * Skip a snapshot test on Windows by @Kerollmops in [#5383](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5383)

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Accept total batch size in human size by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5421
* Avoid reindexing searchable order changes by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5402
* Add more progress levels to measure merging by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5422
> ⚠️ When working with it in the doc or the integrations, please consider that the content can change anytime. It must not be enforced.
* Show database sizes batches by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5457
> ⚠️ When working with it in the doc or the integrations, please consider that the content can change anytime. It must not be enforced.

```

Done by @dureuill in [#5384](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5384).

## Other improvements

* Batch together `/documents` requests using either `PUT` or `POST` by @Kerollmops in [#5293](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5293)
* Display timestamped internal indexing steps on the `/batches` route by @Kerollmops in [#5356](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5356) and [#5364](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5364)
* Introduce `exhaustiveFacetCount` parameter to `/facet-search` route to retrieve an exhaustive facet count by @ManyTheFish in [#5369](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5369)
* Reduce RAM consumption of arroy by @irevoire in https://github.com/meilisearch/arroy/pull/105
* Experimental feature: Cache embeddings during search (Read more in the [feature discussion](https://github.com/orgs/meilisearch/discussions/818)) by @dureuill in [#5418](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5418)
* Extend batch progress view to include indexing of vectors by @irevoire in [#5420](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5420)

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Armenian characters are no longer case-sensitive by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5454

```

# Fixes 🐞

> * Geo update bug by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5407

Reviewer 3: What does it mean? which bug?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fix _geoPoint indexing when updating the document by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5407 (fixes [#5407](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5407) and [#5499](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/5399))
```

> * Isolate word fst usage by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5415

Reviewer 3: Does it improve indexing speed? or is it only maintenance?

Author: Moved it to the Misc section and clarified it.

> * Isolate word fst usage by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5415

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fix prefix search on attributes listed in `disabledOnAttributes` settings by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5415 (fixes [#5347](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/5347) and [#5452](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/5452))
```

> * Fix CI to work with merge queues by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5456

Reviewer 3: It's not a user facing bug, you should put it in the `* CIs and tests` section instead. Users do not care of this haha

* Support fetching the pooling method from the model configuration by @dureuill in [#5355](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5355)
* Delete unused prefixes by @Kerollmops in [#5413](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5413)

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes mini dashboard to prevent the panel from popping up every time by @curquiza in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5436

```

# Misc

* Dependencies updates
  * Bump Ubuntu in the CI from 20.04 to 22.04 by @Kerollmops in [#5338](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5338)
  * Bump heed to v0.22 by @irevoire and @Kerollmops in [#5406](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5406)
  * Bump ring to v0.17.14 to compile on old aarch64 by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5423
  * Bump zip from 2.2.2 to 2.3.0 by @dependabot in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5426

>   * Update Charabia v0.9.3 by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5454

Reviewer 3: What are the updates related to charabia? we should not put it there but describe the improvements of Charabia in `Other Improvements` section, otherwise our users cannot guess what we brought into this release thanks to charabia
cc: @ManyTheFish

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

>   * Update mini-dashboard to v0.2.19 version by @curquiza in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5436

Reviewer 3: Same, here, can we describe the bug it fixes in `Bug fixes` section instead of making a line here?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

* CIs and tests
  * Improve test performance of get_index.rs  by @DerTimonius in [#5210](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5210)
  * Ollama Integration Tests by @Kerollmops in [#5308](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5308)
  * Ensure the settings routes are properly configured when a new field is added to the Settings struct by @MichaScant in [#5149](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5149)
  * Skip a snapshot test on Windows by @Kerollmops in [#5383](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5383)
* Accept total batch size in human size by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5421

> * Avoid reindexing searchable order changes by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5402

Reviewer 3: It's not a perf optimization? Can't we put it in Other Enhancement and says it improves indexing speed?

* Add more progress levels to measure merging by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5422

> > ⚠️ When working with it in the doc or the integrations, please consider that the content can change anytime. It must not be enforced.

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure it means something for the users to say "When working with it in the doc or the integrations". I'm not even sure to understand what we mean here

* Show database sizes batches by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5457
> ⚠️ When working with it in the doc or the integrations, please consider that the content can change anytime. It must not be enforced.

> ❤️ Thanks again to our external contributors:

Reviewer 3: Where are charabia contributors?

* Armenian characters are no longer case-sensitive by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5454
* Avoid reindexing searchables when the order changes by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5402

# Fixes

* Geo update bug by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5407
* Fix prefix search on attributes listed in `disabledOnAttributes` settings by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5415 (fixes [#5347](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/5347) and [#5452](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/5452))
* Fix CI to work with merge queues by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5456
* Support fetching the pooling method from the model configuration by @dureuill in [#5355](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5355)
* Delete unused prefixes by @Kerollmops in [#5413](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5413)
* Fixes mini dashboard to prevent the panel from popping up every time by @curquiza in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5436

> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Enabling `rankingScoreThreshold` no longer causes `_rankingScore` to be miscalculated by @barloes and @dureuill in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5313
* Validate dimensions of embedding when receiving documents with `_vectors` by @dureuill in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5478

```

  * Bump heed to v0.22 by @irevoire and @Kerollmops in [#5406](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5406)
  * Bump ring to v0.17.14 to compile on old aarch64 by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5423
  * Bump zip from 2.2.2 to 2.3.0 by @dependabot in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5426
* CIs and tests
  * Improve test performance of get_index.rs  by @DerTimonius in [#5210](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5210)
  * Ollama Integration Tests by @Kerollmops in [#5308](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5308)
  * Ensure the settings routes are properly configured when a new field is added to the Settings struct by @MichaScant in [#5149](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5149)
  * Skip a snapshot test on Windows by @Kerollmops in [#5383](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5383)
  * Fix CI to work with merge queues by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5456
* Accept total batch size in human size by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5421

> * Add more progress levels to measure merging by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5422

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Add more progress levels to measure merging and post-processing by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5422 and https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5468
```

* Isolate word fst usage to dedicate it to typo-correction by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5415
> ⚠️ Please consider that the batches stats content can change anytime.

> * Show database sizes batches by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5457

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Show database sizes batches by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5457 and https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5464
```

## Other improvements

* Batch together `/documents` requests using either `PUT` or `POST` by @Kerollmops in [#5293](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5293)
* Display timestamped internal indexing steps on the `/batches` route by @Kerollmops in [#5356](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5356) and [#5364](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5364)
* Introduce `exhaustiveFacetCount` parameter to `/facet-search` route to retrieve an exhaustive facet count by @ManyTheFish in [#5369](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5369)
* Reduce RAM consumption of arroy by @irevoire in https://github.com/meilisearch/arroy/pull/105
* Experimental feature: Cache embeddings during search (Read more in the [feature discussion](https://github.com/orgs/meilisearch/discussions/818)) by @dureuill in [#5418](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5418)
* Extend batch progress view to include indexing of vectors by @irevoire in [#5420](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5420)
* Armenian characters are no longer case-sensitive by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5454

> * Avoid reindexing searchables when the order changes by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5402

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Avoid reindexing searchables when the order changes by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5402
* Accept cancellation tasks even when the disk is full by @irevoire in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5492
```

  * Bump ring to v0.17.14 to compile on old aarch64 by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5423
  * Bump zip from 2.2.2 to 2.3.0 by @dependabot in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5426
* CIs and tests
  * Improve test performance of get_index.rs  by @DerTimonius in [#5210](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5210)
  * Ollama Integration Tests by @Kerollmops in [#5308](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5308)
  * Ensure the settings routes are properly configured when a new field is added to the Settings struct by @MichaScant in [#5149](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5149)
  * Skip a snapshot test on Windows by @Kerollmops in [#5383](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5383)
  * Fix CI to work with merge queues by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5456
* Accept total batch size in human size by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5421
* Add more progress levels to measure merging and post-processing by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5422 and https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5468

> * Isolate word fst usage to dedicate it to typo-correction by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5415
> > ⚠️ Please consider that the batches stats content can change anytime.
> * Show database sizes batches by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5457 and https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5464
> > ⚠️ Please consider that the batches stats content can change anytime.
> * Improve performance of computing document stats by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5465

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Isolate word fst usage to dedicate it to typo-correction by @ManyTheFish in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5415
* Show database sizes batches by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5457 and https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5464
> ⚠️ Please consider that the batches stats content can change anytime.
* Improve performance of computing document stats by @Kerollmops in https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5465
```

We don’t need to write it twice around the same line

Meilisearch v1.14 exposes a more granular way to express your filterable attributes! 🎉 This release also improves the performances of semantic search, the indexing speed of embeddings and a new route to get multiple documents by IDs.

<!-- The following lines should NOT be put in the PRE-release changelogs -->
🧰 All official Meilisearch integrations (including SDKs, clients, and other tools) are compatible with this Meilisearch release. Integration deployment happens between 4 to 48 hours after a new version becomes available.

<!-- The following lines should NOT be put in the PRE-release changelogs -->
Some SDKs might not include all new features. Consult the project repository for detailed information. Is a feature you need missing from your chosen SDK? Create an issue letting us know you need it, or, for open-source karma points, open a PR implementing it (we'll love you for that ❤️).

# New features and updates 🔥

## Granular Filterable Attribute Settings

<TBD: Detailed usage of the feature>
<TBD: Find a better title>

Done by @ManyTheFish in [#5254](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/5254).

## Composite Embedders

> <TBD: Detailed usage of the feature>

Reviewer 4: ````suggestion

This feature allows using different embedders at search and indexing time, which is useful to optimize the embedder to each situation:

- Using a remote embedder for indexing in bulk, as remote embedders provide the highest bandwidth (embeddings/s)
- Using a local embedder for answering search queries, as local embedders provide the lowest latency (time to first embedding)

To use the feature, follow these steps:

1. Enable the `Composite embedders` feature from the Cloud dashboard or with the following:
```
curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' MEILISEARCH_URL/experimental-features -d '{"compositeEmbedders": true}'
```
2. Send a settings task (`PATCH /indexes/INDEX_UID/settings`) containing an embedder with `source: "composite"`, and with the parameters `searchEmbedder` and `indexingEmbedder` describing the embedder at search time (resp. indexing time). For example, using a [Hugging Face inference endpoint](https://huggingface.co/inference-endpoints/dedicated)
```jsonc
{
    "embedders": {
        "text": {
            "source": "composite",
            "searchEmbedder": {
                "source": "huggingFace", // locally computed embeddings using a model from the Hugging Face Hub
                "model": "baai/bge-base-en-v1.5",
                "revision": "a5beb1e3e68b9ab74eb54cfd186867f64f240e1a"
            },
            "indexingEmbedder": {
                "source": "rest", // remotely computed embeddings using Hugging Face inference endpoints
                "url": "https://URL.endpoints.huggingface.cloud",
                "apiKey": "hf_XXXXXXX",
                "documentTemplate": "Your {{doc.template}}",
                "request": {
                    "inputs": [
                        "{{text}}",
                        "{{..}}"
                    ]
                },
                "response": [
                    "{{embedding}}",
                    "{{..}}"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```
3. Send documents to the index. They will be indexed remotely using the Hugging Face inference endpoint.
4. Perform semantic search queries, they will be embedded using the local model fetched from the Hugging Face Hub.

For more details about this feature, please refer to its [public usage page](https://www.notion.so/meilisearch/Composite-embedder-usage-14a4b06b651f81859dc3df21e8cd02a0?pvs=4#19f4b06b651f809ab3ecc0daae7d5856)
````
